this video is the product of the
functional cranial release Research
Institute for difficult neurologic
conditions that no one seems to have
answers for visit functional cranial
release calm and we are just ready to
start a first NCR treatment and just
briefly tell your story okay I've had
sinus issues all my life
I'm allergic to just about everything
imaginable have asthma and I was on
allergy shots for ten years to twice a
week and now I'm going more holistic
route and I just have constant runny
nose and it's just it's very I can't
live this way and you were referred here
by dr. Martin yes I know okay great
and so what we want to just kind of
capture you breathing in and out and
just so I can just when I first had you
come into the office I could hear you
this is you know people have a cold no
this is just my normal and it's been
like that for years yes okay yeah I mean
this is good a good day great so what we
hope to do is just kind of capture you
over the next four days and just monitor
how how you respond to the neurocranial
restructuring okay and do I permission
to show this video to other people that
might be interested in it yes okay great
all right we'll be back shortly and
we've just completed the treatment well
it was amazing I don't know how to
explain it it felt really good on my ear
incredible feels open feels open yeah
let's stay like this it's gonna stay
like that good all right so we just
completed just your first treatment that
was what two seconds yeah
two seconds yeah great all right well
thanks for sharing with Jessica and this
is day three is this 3 or 2 this will be
my third this will be your third
treatment and how you feeling well I
paid the receptionist for 20 sessions
that somebody recommended that I have
and I've had two and I feel like I've
had my money's worth
I just feel great great in one way nose
is not running first time in 50 years
probably awesome yeah awesome how you
sleeping great I wake up usually I wake
up to everybody knows that's what wakes
me up and then it stays for hours
uh-huh and I might have times during the
day a few hours where it is it runny but
or congested but this is just incredible
I love it awesome awesome yeah I when
you first came in I could hear you
breathe from across the room and I don't
hear anything right now no it's just
like fresh air just kind of I can't
imagine what it's going to be like after
20 because yeah great all right awesome
so we'll follow up at the very end of
your sequence you got two more
treatments before we wrap it up on the
on this video testimonial here okay four
months since the last time we videotaped
you and this is the ending of your
fourth session and I just have to say
that it has stuck with me the the
treatment and from where I came I would
consider myself perfect and
I don't have the sight issues I had and
I'm feeling really good
I can't even I can't tell you how
miserable my life was and I couldn't
sleep and I go through a whole box of
Kleenex at night and now I didn't even
have to have Kleenex in the room so it's
it's really good
hi this is dr. John thanks for joining
me
if you or a loved one suffers from
difficult neurologic conditions that no
one seems to have answers for send them
to functional creo release calm you can
contact me by phone or email me and ask
dr. jl @ gmail.com and remember if
healing is possible consider it to be
within your reach
bye for now functional training release
dot-com